    Cloning:
        Purpose: To create a new local copy of a repository.
        Scope: Copies the entire repository, including history, branches, and files.
        Usage: Typically done once when you first start working with a repository.

    Pulling:
        Purpose: To update your current local branch with changes from the remote repository.
        Scope: Fetches and merges updates into your existing local repository.
        Usage: Done regularly to keep your local copy up to date with changes from the remote repository.


Git Commands

    Initialize a Repository
    git init
    Starts a new Git repository in the current directory.

    Clone a Repository
    git clone <repository-url>
    Copies an existing remote repository to your local machine.

    Check Status
    git status
    Shows the current state of your working directory and staging area.

    Add Changes
    git add <file>
    git add .
    Stages files or all changes for the next commit.

    Commit Changes
    git commit -m "Message"
    Saves staged changes to the repository with a descriptive message.

    View History
    git log
    Displays a list of past commits on the current branch.

    Create a Branch
    git branch <branch-name>
    Creates a new branch in your repository.

    Switch Branches
    git checkout <branch-name>
    Switches to a different branch.

    Merge Branches
    git merge <branch-name>
    Combines changes from another branch into the current branch.

    Delete a Branch
    git branch -d <branch-name>
    Deletes a specified branch (use -D to force deletion).

    Fetch Changes
    git fetch
    Retrieves updates from the remote repository without merging.

    Pull Changes
    git pull
    Fetches and integrates changes from the remote repository into your current branch.

    Push Changes
    git push origin <branch-name>
    Sends your local commits to the remote repository.

    View Differences
    git diff
    Shows changes between your working directory and the staging area, or between commits.

    Revert Changes
    git revert <commit-hash>
    Creates a new commit that undoes changes from a specific commit.

